README.md, before:

# beerlist_gui
A GUI for the previous beerlist system.

UIs to do:
 - Standard superclass (+Dialogx2) - Done!
 - Main (Static) - (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Multimode (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+Dialog) 
 - Marked (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Reset Password (Static) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+InfoDialog)
 - Login (Static) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Logged in (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)(+Dialogx2) 
 - Change Password (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Change card (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Paymode (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (sduId, name, mail, pwd) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+Dialog)
 - New User (new card) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (Old Users) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+Dialog)
 - New User (balance) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (Final) (UI done, lacks functionality)

Dependencies: PyQt5, pyautogui, pyperclip, pyqrcode, pypng

Commit message:

Functionality and bug fixing
Added functionality to the first two UIs, tested it and did a lot of bugfixing, mostly stupid mistes and misspellings.

README.md, after:

# beerlist_gui
A GUI for the previous beerlist system using Python 3.6

UIs to do:
 - Standard superclass (+Dialogx2) - Done!
 - Main - Done!
 - Multimode - Done! (Might need a revisit, we'll see) 
 - Marked (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Reset Password (Static) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+InfoDialog)
 - Login (Static) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Logged in (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)(+Dialogx2) 
 - Change Password (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Change card (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - Paymode (Needs input) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (sduId, name, mail, pwd) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+Dialog)
 - New User (new card) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (Old Users) (UI done, lacks functionality) (+Dialog)
 - New User (balance) (UI done, lacks functionality)
 - New User (Final) (UI done, lacks functionality)

Dependencies (Everything can now be installed using PIP3): 
 - PyQt5, pyautogui, pyperclip, pyqrcode, pypng
 - All further dependencies should already be in a standard Python build
